Our goal is to create a bo
but very inferior
that's why the stable of zeal has led us
it was another very curious layout
when we had just
nine years old
here in rich pool
I played see many mothers out there
what they call UFOs sometimes happens nothing
these generals of interior
a strong desire to know something beyond the material
so
we started very recently I can tell you kahlo
seven years
I was giving some topic near him
then life the school of life
sewed by placing different teachers
with which we are very grateful
and give us this time polishing until all this time
We are right here in Poza Rica, it is clear that they can locate us
in 82
really for what
to escape the accompanying sale
is to be closer to these two trips the preparation the key
issue that tried to appeal the penalty until that time that a clear rich pool
our country
It has many more places
wonderful
so part of the activities that involve traveling to those sites
to activate power centers
energy centers and go developing
each place has a very special family
many people now all their life
for example to travel to Tibet
or india
and here in the tajín
we have many know
more than we so shortly condemn with a North Korean attack other than returning
two
And why are we going back to Spain? I'm here to work and grow
company
we stayed in practice and turkey
clarified
travel is an opportunity for all of us
those areas of our country are very important
For example, we have the people of Tepoztlán
crisp dessert is a wonderful place
is nestled between them
which have great wisdom
it's amazing to be able to observe scenes of the passion of Christ
in the cordilleras of tepozteco
time that those images
They have been here
long before we arrived Spanish
then one what happens not
what kind of wisdom did I see here that was so despised during the conquest
forgotten and was served
how many of us talk nothing
we go practically nobody in those who speak it
everything was fine with the shame of mentioning it
makes us try to return our identity
based on mystical travel
spiritual
those of us who work with meditation angels work with energies
we do rituals in these energy centers
we talk about
of the mysteries that said places explaining
for example now in this image we are in a park that is very
near this city
in which we were working with meditation extensively
talking about the importance of taking care of our nature
and they are trips from which we learn a lot
because suddenly we travel with Mexican philosophy
another trip and we practice lots the buddhism zen ajá percent
different branches of knowledge
the tajine for example is a wonderful center
incredibly
full of energy
and of spirituality within the same pajín
we can find the wisdom that is taught in tibet in the game
Ball
Regrettably
the official propolis
do not consider worthy aspects of our culture
the sacred aspect
the awkwardness months
there you have to be annoying carts yes I will do what we are doing
it was ricky group
- the king
psp operating theater
there and the people who travel with us lie down we give them king
to all together
to achieve
in each of them a state of deep relaxation
we work in front of the sea
emotion homes as fast as Bernal's rock
Teotihuacan like these musavi photos
It was a great experience for all of us who participated in this trip
teotihuacán the city where men become god
all this is for something
so how can you see it is very broad what we handle is too much
wide practically people who are almost almost dreaming of us and
Then he knows us
talking have to fall until that time to agree to adopt a dinner
to appear
from here a few years earlier than in spite of the fact that Spain in this survey are
the works do not want them to discover why you can dream about certain
things
exactly
I will look at you
happens that
the villages have different
types
of manifestation will reflect different things about you
which mentioned that man is known for his dreams
we have dreams of mental type
that is to say projects what you lived news such a movie corbis p
percent
He asserted that the night turn they put you to the whole movie but
as well
there are dreams
with a deep spiritual character
archetypes
chopped not to be what types or symbols to be interpreted leave you a
teaching because the top
spreading a message
there is precognition
when was the tsunami